# pyrl README

**PY**thon **R**eplace **L**ine extension.


## Features

This extension serves ONE simple purpose: 
to replace the current line with new content generated by a python script.

Because not all replacements can be done easiy with vscode snippets or regular expressions.

Sometimes you might want to write some single parser and design a syntax
to replace some line, in order to speed up your coding.

In the example, I designed a rule that can take a series of continuous
tensor superscripts and subscripts (which is not accepted in
original $LaTeX$ syntax), and gives valid $LaTeX$ code with proper 
spacing between superscripts/subscripts,
using `\phantom` grammar.

This is useful if you are to write some tensors with a pile of upper/lower indices that requires order.

## Requirements

Do make sure you have at least the followings installed:
- a [python3](https://www.python.org/) interpreter
- [nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en)

That should be enough to run this extension.

## Extension Settings

This extension contributes the following settings:

- `pyrl.scriptPath`: Specify the path to the python script.
- `pyrl.relativeToExtensionPath`: Specifies whether the script path is relative to extension path. If true, the python script will be attached to the directory of this extension. Normally, you can find the extension files under `~/.vscode/extensions/`.

## Python Scripts
Of course you can customize your own python script. To make sure the extension run properly, the script should have the following behaviour:
- take exactly 1 `str` type *command line argument*. To achieve this, `argparse` module is recommended.
- print the result to standard output

Here's an simple example:
```python
import argparse

parser = argparse.ArgumentParser()
parser.add_argument("content")
content = parser.parse_args().content
def replace(text:str) -> str:
    return text.upper()

def main():
    replace(content)

if __name__=="__main__":
    main()
```


## Known Issues

None yet.

## Release Notes

### [0.0.1] - 2024-01-18
Initial release! 
A simple vscode extension with a simple purpose
- To replace the line where the cursor is currently at, by running a python script.